January Community Call (#465)
ropensci/roweb3: content/commcalls/2023-01-31/index.md

---

> title: "{targets} in Action"

Reviewer: Are we officially using "{" for package names? Up until now we haven't. I'm not too worried about whether we do or not, but think we should be consistent moving forward (and if yes, I'll add it to the blog guide) 🧐

```suggestion
title: "{targets} in Action"
```

Author: I use it because the speakers use it.  How do we point out that is a package name? Do we use `target` like this? or just say package targets ?

Reviewer: We don't use any formatting for package names, so just targets. 

We could definitely change this :grin:

Reviewer: It was established before my time, but I think it's related to the tidyverse style guide (https://style.tidyverse.org/documentation.html#r-code)

Author: Because the name of the package Is a common word Inwould say we use it un this case we use the {} to state that is a package I think helps when you read the title and the text.

Reviewer: Sounds good, we should consider using this formatting on the site and blog then as well.

dateStart: 2023-01-31T20:00:00 # UTC!!
dateEnd: 2023-01-31T20:00:00 # UTC!!
date: 2023-01-31T20:00:00 # UTC!! same as dateEnd
publishDate: 2023-01-06
description: Community Call covering {targets} troubleshooting and use cases.
author:
  - Will Landau
  - Eric Scott
  - Joel Nitta
organizer: Yanina Bellini Saibene
location: Community call (teleconference)
country: "\U0001F310"
attendees: All are welcome
slug: jan2023-targets
notes: 
outputs:
- HTML
- Calendar 
# vimeo:
# - id: ''
resources:
  - url: https://books.ropensci.org/targets/
    name: The {targets} R package user manual
    details:

> #   - url: 
> #     name: 
> #     details:

Reviewer: It's in the description, but repeating in the links will keep everything together
```suggestion
   - url: https://docs.ropensci.org/targets
     name: {targets} package docs
     details:
```

speakers:  
  - name: Will Landau

>     bio: Will Landau is the author of rOpenSci's {targets} R package. He earned his PhD in Statistics from Iowa State University in 2016, and he now works at Eli Lilly and Company, where he develops methods and software for clinical statisticians..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    bio: Will Landau is the author of rOpenSci's {targets} R package. He earned his PhD in Statistics from Iowa State University in 2016, and he now works at Eli Lilly and Company, where he develops methods and software for clinical statisticians.
```

    bio:  Eric Scott is a Scientific Programmer & Educator at University of Arizona.  He has a background in chemical ecology and plant ecology and is a regular contributor to the {webchem} package.  He has now attempted to make it easy to set up {targets} to harness the power of HPC from the comfort of an RStudio window at three universities—and succeeded at two!      
    img: /img/community/eric-scott.jpg    
  - name: Joel Nitta 
    bio:        
    img: /img/community/joel-nitta.jpeg  
tags:
  - community call
  - events
  - targets
deets: |
    Meeting ID: 856 4128 3923 
    Passcode: 845032
zoomurl: https://numfocus-org.zoom.us/j/85641283923?pwd=dG9RR2RNRjUyVlBGejJYVFFhb2ZkZz09
---

The [{targets}](https://docs.ropensci.org/targets/) package is a pipeline tool for Statistics and data science in R. With {targets}, you can maintain a reproducible workflow without repeating yourself. {targets} learns how your pipeline fits together, skips costly runtime for tasks that are already up to date, runs only the necessary computation, supports implicit parallel computing, abstracts files as R objects, and shows tangible evidence that the results match the underlying code and data.

> On this call _Will_, _Eric_ and _Joel_ will share their experience putting **targets into action**. _Eric_ will share with us _Using {targets} with HPC_ and _Joel_ will talk about _using {targets} for bioinformatics pipelines_, then _Will_ will show us how to _Debugging {targets} pipelines_.

Reviewer: Or use bold? For me the italics looked a bit funny, especially with the titles in italics as well. 
```suggestion
On this call Will, Eric and Joel will share their experience putting **targets into action**. Eric will share with us _Using {targets} with HPC_ and Joel will talk about _Using {targets} for bioinformatics pipelines_, then Will will demonstrate _Debugging {targets} pipelines_.
```
